docs: v4 swap hooks quickstart (#823)
Uniswap/docs: docs/contracts/v4/quickstart/04-hooks/01-swap.mdx

### `beforeSwap` Parameters

> When triggering the `beforeSwap` hook function, there are some parameters we can make use of to customize or extend the behavior of `swap`. These parameters are described in [`beforeSwap`](https://github.com/Uniswap/v4-core/blob/main/src/interfaces/IHooks.sol#L103) from `IHooks`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When triggering the `beforeSwap` hook function, there are some parameters we can make use of to customize or extend the behavior of `swap`. These parameters are described in [`beforeSwap`](/contracts/v4/reference/core/interfaces/IHooks#beforeswap) from `IHooks`.
```

A brief overview of the parameters:
- `sender` The initial `msg.sender` for the `PoolManager.swap` call - typically a swap router
- `key` The key for the pool

> - `params` The parameters for the swap i.e. [`SwapParams`](https://github.com/Uniswap/v4-core/blob/main/src/interfaces/IPoolManager.sol#L143) from `IPoolManager`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `params` The parameters for the swap i.e. [`SwapParams`](/contracts/v4/reference/core/interfaces/IPoolManager#swapparams) from `IPoolManager`
```

### `afterSwap` Parameters

> When triggering the `afterSwap` hook function, there are some parameters we can make use of to customize or extend the behavior of `swap`. These parameters are described in [`afterSwap`](https://github.com/Uniswap/v4-core/blob/main/src/interfaces/IHooks.sol#L118) from `IHooks`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When triggering the `afterSwap` hook function, there are some parameters we can make use of to customize or extend the behavior of `swap`. These parameters are described in [`afterSwap`](/contracts/v4/reference/core/interfaces/IPoolManager#swapparams) from `IHooks`.
```

A brief overview of the parameters:
- `sender` The initial `msg.sender` for the `PoolManager.swap` call - typically a swap router
- `key` The key for the pool

> - `params` The parameters for the swap i.e. [`SwapParams`](https://github.com/Uniswap/v4-core/blob/main/src/interfaces/IPoolManager.sol#L143) from `IPoolManager`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `params` The parameters for the swap i.e. [`SwapParams`](/contracts/v4/reference/core/interfaces/IPoolManager#swapparams) from `IPoolManager`
```
